Interview 2.mp3

This call is now being recorded. OK, so can you tell me your age?

I am 40 years old.

You can just mention the state and city. Greenville, South Carolina. Which smart devices do having a burkey?

We have smart locks on Alexa's Wi-Fi hubs.

Seagrave Hub thermostats also use noise for noise monitoring.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So who is all of this? I did everything, all of them doing some.

Yes, prior to opening these on my own, I had been director of operations for A and B and B management company in Charlotte, North Carolina, and we'd run 60 units. I'm pretty familiar with all the ins and outs.

Awesome. How long will this be? Pretty.

Six months.

Can you make one by one? Why are you using, for example, the smart clocks? Can you can you go one by one?

Sure.

I love to be able to remotely manage my property. So why use the smart locks with the smart things hub and the thermostats along with the noise of it all to be able to monitor everything on the fly? And I also use property management software on the backend that automates guest check in and send some unique codes that expire and do some stuff like that that also add security to the mix as well as a shift for purely entertainment purposes.

We have just tied to a dummy account that has no purchase ability to play music or ask questions.

Not having access to them.

How did you start out in the middle of the kitchen? Sure, you can just read portions here. Exactly, exactly.

The thermostat is all tied in to the property management software, so we can set the savage limits for how hot or how cold the properties can be in the property.

We can conditioning or the heat up. Meantime, to save utility costs.

So does a guest have access to your timestep?

They do. But we have a remote override of ability.

Just in case you think he's going too high or too low, then you can just. Exactly.

What's the point from the addiction to the attention to help keep it, to make sure that no one is throwing a party in the house or trashing it or anything like that? It helps us keep good relations with the neighbors. We have sensors both inside the property and exterior so we can monitor the noise all around.

Do you really want continued friction because you were kind of stupid? You have to wonder what is happening. Just make the decisions then it's only the decibel levels.

We have to disclose that on the list and have that little disclaimer.

The level is being monitored.

No speech on anything.

Ok, so what is the.

There was the locks, the thermostat, the noise where that's all linked. And then from there, it's we all connect that with Samsung Smart Things, the Disney Wave Hub, which also gives us the ability to remotely monitor the Internet performance and reset the router or anything like that that we might need to.

Without having to drive down to the property.

But does the guest have any access to them?

They have access to the Wi-Fi part of it. They do have access to.

No, no. The rest that we run on a hidden network that the.

Okay, that makes sense. So that's the motive. These are.

Yeah, I believe anything else.

I have no doubt that smart enough to know pretty good rich experience in a few hours or something to send to the guest.

Yeah, I'm using a property management software called called APPEARTO and when they make a reservation at a predetermined time before the reservation, it sends them a unique code that is active only during their time. Stay. I think it's about two hours after the state that code is then revoked from the lock so they will not have access to the property.

But they can only assume that they cannot do anything.

That's all that does, is lock and unlock the door.

What I was trying to do is make candidly few then locks from the locks we can call low on or something and this device do that.

No, no, this is its only access. It's not for any kind of communications, anything like that. Any communications, we you stick to the portal that get the book through, whether that be DRDO or the.

So your management software actually goes over all of that music, whatever that is.

Yes. Yes. It has access to the inbox messages through the.

So.

Do you do fishing? Jenning Just make when using those devices, you can do whatever.

These aren't too bad. We do some other solutions in the past.

All kind of wrapped around similar issues of access, communications and security that we did have problems with. But this particular stack that read did not have an issue with.

So you do look in your own name. Oh, no.

This is just stuff that's out there in the industry and all off the shelf.

And so on all of this, much like you guys managed to get all of them to pay.

Like all of these sectors are pretty well integrated. There's really no issue with your cross compatibility.

Property management software that was there was a seamless connection damage.

Oh, yeah, yeah. That was actually no problem. I had spoken to several very similar solutions and they quite literally all had the same hardware requirements. It was like, okay, that was a very simple solution. So whichever suffering was on the back end, it gave me the same hardware.

They're making sure the guest code. And you are checking if there's a party or anything. Then you guys have mixed feelings for devices that are used just for entertainment purposes.

The thermostat. Yeah, it's hot around there, say.

And this thing is working extremely seriously. It's all integrated in the same system. Awesome. So my next question is, do you want to share any smart devices, for example, said Alexa, how about Google Home Mini years, things like that?

We just have the Lexa's and I guess we got our entertainment solutions are all run through Roku so we can monitor that as well. Maturer accounts, but that's that's about it.

The rookie.

Well, we can we set up a master profile so that whenever we are setting up a new unit, we just use that same profile, preload, all of the same channels with the subscriptions and everything else all at once. So we don't have to go through and manually load every single channel and every subscription all at once.

And biggest change in the country.

No password protected.

But if you wanted to share your devices, devices, would you want to have. Can you send me 200 pictures or something? You don't have to do that and have more freedom.

No, they're free to use anything they want to in terms of the electorate or the roku's. We just have them password protected for any kind of purchases or extreme content. And we want to make sure that we're family friendly. We're basically just using the parental controls that are already existing within the system.

Simply, what do you want to do that they didn't have control of the disease?

No, no, they did not. That's one of the things we keep on lockdown. If they did want to purchase something more than that, they can do that on their own device. We don't want our art or t.v.'s or anything being compromised or having any potential issues with people saying things that they should or should not see.

Do you want to have this feature film in any of the smart devices that you are confusing? Just not big.

Something extra if I can get one more device, I would ask for a cigarette smoke detector.

One thing is they have good features, durations. They would do something.

I'd say. I mean, there are solutions out there.

For example, I know there are a couple of companies that run a country type of service that you can layer on top of the ALEKSA skills that you enable. And I think there are a couple of companies that are also developing customer service tools or automated through the elect as well. But I personally don't. I would rather have the conversation with the guest. I think if you talk to people that are managing much larger portfolios, that would be a bigger value for them.

So for you, working in the country, it's certainly adequate for my personal needs. Right now, I'm only running private properties that I personally own.

When I was a private company running Over60, we were taking a very hard look at those other solutions because it would enable us to basically cut back on our customer service overhead. But just as a normal kind of one outpost or a small time hostess, it's not a big deal for me.

There's a humming, you know, right now five.

You should go to 60 then.

Yeah, I would.

Yeah, I would definitely engage one of his other services. That would kind of work through the smart devices in the home to help automate the customer service. End of it.

So what what will those devices do, who?

Well, you can preload quite a bit of content in there. And then if their guest wanted to do a late checkout, they could do that right through the Alexa app or some other communication that you can do through the smart devices.

There there are other things that you can ask for, just your normal top hundred or two hundred F8 cues that you get from your guests. You can preload those in essentially a chat bot that then runs on top of the Alexi's.

So, for example, if I wanted to get down to Mexico, then I would ask you for just one simple thing. Yes. Depending on what do you host.

Exactly. And then you can also. You can. Yes, it does stuff like that. If there's extra time or figures, that availability can also just have a system prompted it 8:00 a.m. on the day of checkout. Hey, if you'd like to stay an extra two hours, it's a small charge. Let me know if the system takes care of it. So there there's a lot of little finesse that's involved there.

So you make a software developer to do all that?

Not really. I mean, you can I've talked to several of them, but there are few companies that are that already have this out in the marketplace.

I mean, you can even just run it off on something as simple as Twilio. They have the skills and autopilot stuff that you can build out all of that out in-house if you really wanted to. But it's it's not necessary.

I talked to a guy recently out of San Francisco who's doing exactly this.

And his cost per unit per month is, I think like ten or fifteen bucks.

He's not charging it would be pointless to hire run software developer because it's already done at that rate.

So you didn't need any funding schemes to implement all this?

No, not at all. Awesome.

I can barely program my DVD player and I can tell you excuse me for major, major problems that one, these devices, these parts of these are all pretty straightforward. Really, have you did something like something, prevent it?

Absolutely. Funny enough, the very first guest after we had installed the noise monitoring software was trying to throw a large party and we had a big noise. Spikes in the system, alerted us to an issue over there. She was able to call the guests and get them to kind of tone everything down within about three minutes of making that phone call.

One of the neighbors called me to complain about the noise and was threatening to call the police out on the show.

They were very happy when I was able to tell them. I've already talked to them. The noise has been decreasing. I'm actually watching it in real time. That's what monitoring is going down immediately. I kid you not. It was the very first guest that we had the noise monitoring hardware installed that we were able to avoid an issue.

So that's benefit. You do have faced any problems because of the devices.

Now we have one guest who left her view that they were unhappy that the monitoring software hardware was in the house, but it was also disclaimed in the listing and in the little check boxes that were allowed to give. So there was really nothing to say, but they still stayed there. They're still paying the full amount. They left. They just. I just weren't terribly happy about it, but it wasn't bad to write something like that.

There was nothing for them to do about.

That's about it. So stop the recording.

