This call is now being recorded.
I can interest in your age.
64.
Look
And what's the location?
Her veto Key Florida
One of the smart devices you have in your property.
Alexa, a smart, black and smart understand.
Because history
Troll externally.
I'm sorry. What?
Who is still on this.
Can't hear you. I'm sorry.
Who has told all those races, so okay?
Woz.
Thermostat. We did.
Martin lock. I had a hand in it and do it for us in the Alexa. I brought that over.
Because of the handymen that you're talking about is picked off from that company or, like, you know, that was just hired somebody that knows how to install lax.
Was the door unlocked.
Person.
So for how long you're using this us is five years.
Alexa, you know, about 23 years.
Okay?
And the new school one by one on why you're using those devices starting with the election.
Sure Alexa helps my dress.
I'll find places. See it, um things to do if they have questions. Ah, they can use it for entertainment for their kids.
So the cast can interact with that. Because that is for the guest to you. Yes.
So what about buying things like
And the fightings off Alexa.
I would hope not because I think Alexis connected to my account.
My Amazon account, so no
So like, did you predict it and by any means
Did I? What?
Block the buying options.
The passport or something.
I'm sorry, not understand what you're asking.
So like if I try to buy something off your devices, so what would happen?
You know what? I don't know, darling of reason out of it.
I do it from home, But, yeah, I haven't had that Heidi happen yet.
Jessica's point, but
Okay, so then around your personal account linked on that sort of thing.
Yes.
And you have a smart never. I've never purchased anything. So I don't know how
How's that even work? So I never really thought about there.
Be honest. Get so there for a long time been attempted, so
Oh, yeah, Well, try that. Yeah, so, but come
Where's Dr other avenues? But what I found is the protector like buying being good or something so that whatever the guests, right
Everything.
Right. Maybe they have tried and maybe they can't get all the way through. I've never used Alexa for that reason.
But Alicia, that option's them myself. Ah, OK, so smart looking
Yes.
How you doing those? Well, When the guests yesterday check in they of they walk with us. We assigned them their home door code.
And they used it. It's attended just numbers that they would ask her and they were able to get in.
And it also automatically lacks additions to your shack.
So they can only use it for the dates of their stay.
Is there something that you remember?
There's a way
I sustain the number.
There's a number right? We assign them a number. There's a serious of 10 numbers that automatically, um
Send it out to us for each guest. So every every number is unique, every set of numbers.
So what's the use?
So what kind of interaction that guests can go? Can candy just in court.
That's right. They can get in. And they like you. They go out and it will work from the day of their check in on leave for the day off. Check out
And then it's no longer any good.
So they can come back a week later and try to get in.
So so they can do anything.
No, they cannot.
And you know it. Almost accuracy. Yes, we dio and I used the Honeywell's thermostat.
And they can use for Thursday at and I can also monitor from here.
And this just in case they're setting the air conditioning and leaving it on extremely low.
First time It also tells me if the heat or the air conditioning stopped working.
So I know if there's an issue, I'll get a report.
Okay. So like if they're going low, so then you alright? If there yes, I can. I can raise or lower it from my smartphone.
So the three of us that you have
Yes.
What do fish changes one using this situation?
Do it.
50 telling just like something stop lamenting that even on proteins properly.
Never with the thermostat, but the smart lack the thermostat has lost connection.
Every once in a while and it will tell us when that happens.
Yeah, I'll get a notification that I'll go physically to their property and it's nobody's staying there all unplugged the modem plugged it back in, and it is usually fine.
Is that what you're asking? Very so only only the smart love is like the problem. Yes.
Yes, just so the more than the commission is a modern sometimes was off right? It'll disconnect and if the guests were in it and that happens to get them
Unplug it. Put it back in.
And it seems to be fine.
Okay, So your kind friend of sharing your life with your history.
You know, I said, I threaded up there.
But, yeah, I'm not sure yet. I know I go there on a year's one in there, but
Yeah, I'm not sure I don't get this whole thing. It's a longer Galateri. Remember how I did it?
You know what it is? They're using what? They're using your device. That means you're sharing.
Okay, well, it's next to my cell phone so I could get into it.
And see what's been asked and what's been done. And, Yeah, I mean, I could see it from my cell phone.
It will give me the details of what it has been used for what it's been asked
So the guests of actually using it? Yes.
Yeah, I don't think I would hope it's not set up to purchasing my accounts through Amazon or purchasing. You got me very worried there now, and I don't think that Hillary would have done it when I first met up.
Over there, but I venture out so let didn't get containable that, uh, you see whatever they're doing now.
No. I have never hit a complaint for questions about it.
I think maybe some people don't even know what it is or how they may even try. But I guess you are familiar with Alesha seemed to be happy that it's there.
Through the Daleks elected like pickle sleeping, like 2130 registering. I don't and I never have
I know in my house I could drop in. I've never attempted to drop in. Never
That's not what has few testicle ability to do it.
It was the capability to do it.
I think you have to have the capability always to do that. If you set it up for maybe maybe I did not even set that up for dropping.
Yeah. I mean, I've never attempted that. So you know, I know I shouldn't do that in my house. I've never tried to get into that one.
So really? Yeah. Many gifts actually complains that wife is all right. Like I don't want my supposed to like me, right?
You know, and I I would not use cameras or that for that racial That would be Trudy.
We wish to have any kind of control on your smile like William
No. One. I'm really happy with the
Three.
You know, I can't think of anything else that I would like to hear Looks that maybe my floors or
Something like that.
So like that.
Well, vacuum right? That's true.
Clicks, for example, say a field
If you're smart log kind of future with
The guests will call you from the locket.
Okay. Thank you. I am. Everybody has cell phones, but if they need to retreat, they always can reach me.
You don't have entire licking the camera or anything. No, no.
So so, like a new ship any particular experience?
This is one of those US swastika major benefits.
Damn
Now probably
The thermostat is probably
The thing that helped me most. Besides well, this my life is always great to have to go there with the key.
Physically left people in but
Service, getting another occasion that
Something has gone wrong in the shed is hash eating for their conditioning cooling. I think that it's also things have happened over the five years.
And that's been very helpful.
Well, the guest was out all day. It wass 100 degrees out here every day.
And
I got a notification in about 9 a.m. That
The heating are the positioning system without turning on.
Some like bald and I watched it, you could see the actual temperature of the house.
So it can watch just for an hour or so, and I could see it was just getting hotter and hotter and there and the air condition without working at all.
I called the guest and ask them.
If they're in the house and maybe have a look. But there was open or they turned off the A C and was told no that they left early to go to the beach. The other active used some when we actually went over there with permission, checked it out and hit again in her condition, and I come out in repairer.
Here. Finish himself in. That sense is is very helpful to have something like that.
So you're saying that you don't want to need Cameron? You're smart.
I did it again.
You don't want any criminal calling feature on smart.
I know I do not sure why you don't want it.
Um I just don't see the reason for it.
Um, is like you said, if a guest here too.
Contest me.
They could pick up their cell phone and call me I
I don't know. I don't see why CNN there at the actual lock.
You know they would need to call me
Legend says that it is like I said they have cell phones.
Tamerlan.
In the camp of the Alexa.
No. I mean general on the smart A camera. I don't want
To have cameras.
On my rental at all.
Got it from some host actually use it for like a time stamp and proof that you left on that time you entered
All right. I don't have an issue with that. Because excommunication that that we have with the gas, they are instructed to text me as soon as they are leaving.
And if I don't get attached
00:00 of 15:00 audio stream
To have cameras.
On my rental at all.
About it from some most actually use it for, like a time stamp like proof that you left on the time you entered.
Right. I don't have an issue with that. Because excommunication there that we have with guests. They are instructed to text me as soon as they are leaving.
And if I don't get a Texas we have a cleaning service that comes in there right after chat track out so that
I always know.
No, that has never been an issue.
And we live by de mystery solar on convenience.
So our last question, so surely.
One party crystals with
They're making a problem because ofthe using those Jewishness.
Probably because of you and him.
Um
I'm working and thinking of three things.
Okay?
After the very first year of my life.
Batteries ran out.
And the guests could not get in. And thank God does living in the area here. I was able to go over with the key and get the guest in but since then
I found out how when and how often I need to replace those batteries.
So that that's the only instance that has ever been an issue and
Never has
So there's not even
No, it's true.
So you think like your because you're going to take that away. You did not have any problems.
With joy. The batteries. Are you saying that? What did you think? I mean, all all of her dresses or not?
Bring really hi tech stuff.
Guys bit logic. That's why I don't
There might never be mean issues.
You think that's the reason you don't have it much bad experience? Because
I don't know. Maybe I'm not getting your whole question. Harriet, you're spending, my hearing said as you are going to logic
That's like taking on the completely out off everything.
Do you agree with that?
My folks area. Still not getting what you're saying. The very first part of that It's not coming through on the cell phone, clearly trying one more time.
So like, if something is very logic, for example, like a terrorist, so there's not much things can go wrong if you had played right things onto the chest.
More tea scramble back.
Okay. What I'm saying is as you're not
Very high tech tinged with the smart devices that smell absolutely. Your problems are not that much. You clearly don't have any problems.
I do not. I clearly do not is all very simple devices and even at my age of 64 I didn't grow up using this track of technology.
I'm not having an issue with it.
Phil. You know, I'm always looking for new ways of improving the guests service.
And new things that can be used to just make things easier and work better.
So would you really like
Is there any reason behind you wasn't something that logic
Is there a reason?
Yeah, well, you're not using something high tech stuff.
Or heck, yeah.
Um, if I was presented with it
Andi. I think it's a good idea. I would use it. Um, just heaven had the opportunity to look for
You know, we're here about something that I think would be great. If I did it, I was looking into it.
So I don't have any other questions. So I okay. Star passed off the recording, OK?

